Do you want to be ashamed?
It's all fucking like this
If you don't buy me again, I will kill you.
You are fucking crazy
Put the knife down
No sale no sale
Sell soon
Can go in
The big fish are hooked and they all pose in various ways
We accept it all
Now we have 85% of the shares
Great, that's great.
Your wave of operation
Not only did it solve the group's financial dilemma
Net profit of 100 million
Dad, I already said it
The man I like can't be bad
You now own 85% of the shares
You are the largest shareholder of the group
Have a father
I have put all the shares
All transferred to the avant-garde
Dust you, you are the largest shareholder
But I
I didn't covet the shares of the Xu family
Just came to help
avant-garde
Here it is.
As long as I can be with you
It's already my greatest wish
Mr. Xu is not good
Something big happened to the company